Update sql-agent-extension-troubleshoot-known-issues.md (#8714)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/sql-agent-extension-troubleshoot-known-issues.md

## Check prerequisites 

> To avoid errors due to unsupported options or limitations, verify the [prerequisites](sql-agent-extension-manually-register-single-vm.md#prerequisites) for the extension. Repair, Installation and Uninstallation of IaaS extension would not preserve your existing settings except Licensing changes and you would have to reconfigure your Auto backup, automated patching, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid errors due to unsupported options or limitations, verify the [prerequisites](sql-agent-extension-manually-register-single-vm.md#prerequisites) for the extension. Repair, installation and uninstallation of the SQL IaaS agent extension will not preserve your existing settings except licensing changes. If you repair or uninstall/reinstall the extension, you will have to reconfigure your automated backup, automated patching, and any other services you had configured prior to the repair/reinstall.
```
